---
layout: post
title: I'm leaving Owlin
date: 2014-12-16 08:00:00

---

I'll be doing the things I truly love. My fingers are a powerful tool in this
world. I'll be using them wisely and only use them on 

This year we connected our big data analytics to corporations including [KPMG],
[Deloitte], [ING] and many other equity trading firms. The stunning success was 
then awarded by [Accenture] and [Pioneers]. 

Knowing that Owlin has received so much recognition, and reaching a state of
a profitable startup, I am proud to have programmed an excellent product that 
works seamlessly. 
After working on the core technology behind Owlin for more
than 5 years, I'm specifically proud to have seen Owlin grow from a teenager
project, to a self sustaining business - serving hardcore analysis to the
greatest hedge funds, banks and accountants in the world.

After reaching my goal, where I as a 14year old teenager dreamed of. I decided
to move on to follow my new dreams, and hone my skills in programming in other
industries to gains a wider skill-set. Again, I'm only 22, and founded Owlin
at 17. I've got a lot more to accomplish.

I will continue to do the things I have done at Owlin, and proven to be good
at. From things like implementing Agile/Scrum or helping out with support 
strategies to
setting up real-time big data filtering pipelines & visualizing them into
HTML5/CSS3 trough websockets 

I've sold most of my shares. And I will look into Angel Investing with my
Future Ventures foundation to help other startups to get started and get them
on the right direction. 

Make no mistake about it, I absolutely love this product, the spirit and where
it’s heading. But life is also short and it’s time for me to follow my
ambitions, as tough a call as it may be.
I’m still going to be very much involved with Owlin as an advisor, we will
remain good friends, I will be writing some code for a new feature occasionally 
for fun, and will remain a proud shareholder for a smaller sum I decided to keep.

<!-- content above is good. Content below needs work -->
Knowing that Owlin has received so much recognition, and reaching a state of
a profitable startup, I am proud to have programmed an excellent product that 
works seamlessly. I have decided to move on to hove my skills in programming in
other industries to gains wider skill-set. Again, I'm only 22, and founded Owlin
at 17. Steve Jobs and Larry Page weren't even started at this age. I've got a 
lot more to accomplish.

I'm on a mission to extend human's natural communication by building new tools
upon the hardware of the 21st century. As world's innovation has grown over
centuries by the improvement of ones communication and sharing of knowledge,
I see the quality of sharing good thoughts in this world as a multiplier
of success enhancer. 

<!--
# Structure of the article
- After 5 years working on the technology at Owlin
- Mark down massive milestones, including personal ones
    - Pioneers, AIA, Winning several hackathons at TNW and TC
    - Got massive media attention:
        - articles from our funding
- Owlin will continue to be great success
- Going to deliver back to the world with Open source
- Angel investing with future ventures
-->

